Record major release dates (#1527)
akka/akka-grpc: docs/release-train-issue-template.md

- [ ] Tweet using the akkateam account (or ask someone to) about the new release
- [ ] Announce on [Gitter akka/akka](https://gitter.im/akka/akka)
- [ ] Announce internally

> - [ ] Record the release date [here](https://github.com/lightbend/together-portal/blob/master/app/models/Product.scala#L48)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Update to the released version [here](https://github.com/lightbend/lightbend-technology-intro-doc/blob/master/docs/modules/getting-help/examples/project/akka-grpc.sbt)
- [ ] For minor releases, record it [here](https://github.com/lightbend/together-portal/blob/master/app/models/Product.scala#L48)
```
